on a typical year of travel basically depends on whether you're all sea
duty shore duty my shore duty pharmacy duty I would say I was going
probably nine months out of twelve with will in three patrols which
for about three months each and the one mall that we would have in
port was spent preparing to go back out to sea so you definitely traveled
a lot I went to probably maybe seven or eight different countries
we went to a lot of different ports it was definitely a fun experience
it was an awesome experience stressful a lot of work but you
know we went to places like Korea South Korea Malaysia don't forget
a couple names you don't want to places few places in south of France
afterwards we travel to Hawaii San Diego Mexico stop in a few places
to re fuel even went to a small island called site pain which was
also